people that lived in shacks and the
place they called bloody bucket and the
other side of the tracks that was the
most interesting
we vowed only to play you know black
music and that was what we loved James
Brown and Otis Redding I guess we wanted
to be black we had finished the Greg
Allman record and Greg wanted to go on
tour it was like yeah I'll do it you
know I'm just won't worry about having a
solo career I'm coming back down
and we were starting to realize we were
not on the cutting edge anymore there
are gifts of desperation
it's better for me to be alive dead
that's where it comes down to it they're
playing music and dying on us to about
halfway through school I get this call
from stealin ones people they're like
hey you want to join this tour we're
gonna we're gonna
Steve Washington you know to be in a
band
Roger really liked it he contacted me
and said I want you to sing some of my
solo thing had help me write some too so
I said sure I remember Bonnie play him
all the same shadows us with sea-level
you know we would play shows together
before she got too big we get smaller
thank you so much